Module 3 review (#18)
grafana/k6-learn: Modules/III-k6-Intermediate/08-Setting-load-profiles-with-executors/Ramping-VUs-Exercises.md

# Ramping VUs Executor

> As noted in [Setting load profiles with executors](../08-Setting-load-profiles-with-executors.md#Ramping-VUs), _Ramping VUs_ executor has a primary focus on the number of _virtual users (VUs)_ within _stages_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As noted in [Setting load profiles with executors](../08-Setting-load-profiles-with-executors.md#Ramping-VUs), the _Ramping VUs_ executor primarily focuses on the number of _virtual users (VUs)_ within _stages_. 
```

Reviewer: I try to avoid these extra-noun phrases as much as possible.
